Add = Create a capability e.g. feature, test, dependency.
Cut = Remove a capability e.g. feature, test, dependency.
Fix = Fix an issue e.g. bug, typo, accident, misstatement.
Bump = Increase the version of something e.g. dependency.
Make = Change the build process, or tooling, or infra.
Start = Begin doing something; e.g. create a feature flag.
Stop = End doing something; e.g. remove a feature flag.
Refactor = A code change that MUST be just a refactoring.
Reformat = Refactor of formatting, e.g. omit whitespace.
Optimize = Refactor of performance, e.g. speed up code.
Document = Refactor of documentation, e.g. help files.

Angular

build : The build type (formerly known as chore) is used to identify development changes related to the build system (involving scripts, configurations or tools) and package dependencies.

ci : The ci type is used to identify development changes related to the continuous integration and deployment system - involving scripts, configurations or tools.

docs : The docs type is used to identify documentation changes related to the project - whether intended externally for the end users (in case of a library) or internally for the developers.

feat : The feat type is used to identify production changes related to new backward-compatible abilities or functionality.

fix : The fix type is used to identify production changes related to backward-compatible bug fixes.

perf : The perf type is used to identify production changes related to backward-compatible performance improvements.

refactor : The refactor type is used to identify development changes related to modifying the codebase, which neither adds a feature nor fixes a bug - such as removing redundant code, simplifying the code, renaming variables, etc.

style : The style type is used to identify development changes related to styling the codebase, regardless of the meaning - such as indentations, semi-colons, quotes, trailing commas and so on.

test : The test type is used to identify development changes related to tests - such as refactoring existing tests or adding new tests.

